# The $20 Challenge

One small gift, one big lesson in kindness

by Ruth Devlin

What can you do with $20? Buy a few snacks or maybe a movie ticket and popcorn? In Kristina Ulmer's classroom, $20 buys something far more powerful - a lesson in kindness that lasts a lifetime.

Ulmer, a high school English teacher in Pennsylvania, was heartbroken when her sister, Katie, tragically died in a car accident. A police officer returned her sister's purse to Ulmer and inside was $100.

"Katie was always doing something to help people," Ulmer said, "so I knew the money had to be used for good." But what could she do?

Then in 2018, she had an idea. Her students were reading Ray Bradbury's *Fahrenheit 451*. "It's set in a time when everyone is glued to their screens and society lacks empathy," she stated. "Sounds familiar, doesn't it? It popped into my head that I could have my students do acts of kindness with my sister's money." Ulmer took Katie's money, added funds out of her own pocket and gave each of her students $20. Then she asked them to do an act of kindness in honor of Katie.

The project became known as the "$20 Challenge." The students loved the idea. They used the money to buy groceries for a struggling family, aid an older students and brighten the day of veterans. One student spent her $20 on doughnuts. Then she stood on a street corner with her uncle and handed them out to strangers. The experience made such a deep impression on her that she continues the practice every year.

After the first semester, the community began to donate to the challenge, which allowed Ulmer to continue it year after year.

As of last fall, Ulmer's students have done over 350 acts of kindness in her sister's memory. While the challenge has helped many people, Ulmer has seen how the experience has changed her students. They shared thoughts such as, "We learned that small acts of kindness like this can make someone's day," and "It really takes so little to make someone's day. Being kind is basically free."

Ulmer continues to teach her students a valuable lesson: Kindness doesn't have to be huge; it just has to be shared.

## Word Bank

lifetime /ˋlaɪf͵taɪm/ 一輩子  
His love for his wife lasted a lifetime.

empathy /ˋɛmpəθɪ/ 同理心  
Sophie's empathy for others makes her a trusted friend and listener.

familiar /fəˋmɪljɚ/ 熟悉的  
His voice sounds familiar to me.

funds /fʌndz/ 資金  
Alisa doesn't have the funds to go to Europe this summer.

shelter /ˋʃɛltɚ/ 遮蔽所；避難處  
More than 100 people went to the shelter before the storm.

doughnut /ˋdonət/ 甜甜圈  
Mark bought a dozen doughnuts at the store.

basically /ˋbesɪkḷɪ/ 基本上  
The movie was basically a comedy.

### Word Bank Boost

impress /ɪmˋprɛs/ 使印象深刻  
His performance impressed the judges.

impressive /ɪmˋprɛsɪv/ 令人印象深刻的  
That was an impressive speech.

impressively /ɪmˋprɛsɪvlɪ/ 令人印象深刻地  
She answered the questions impressively.

### More Information

heartbroken /ˋhɑrt͵brokən/ 心碎的  
tragically /ˋtrædʒɪkḷɪ/ 悲劇性地  
veteran /ˋvɛtərən/ 退伍軍人  
donate /ˋdonet/ 捐獻；捐助

### Focus on Phrases

glued to 👉 緊黏著
pop into (someone's) head 👉 突然出現在腦中
hand out 👉 分發；發放
year after year 👉 年復一年

## Key Points

- A high school English teacher gave her students $20 to do acts of kindness.
- It doesn't take a lot of money to do something kind for someone else.

## Usage Tip

far/much/a lot/even + adj.-er/more + adj.

這個結構用來加強比較級，表示「更……得多」。  
例句：Today's exchange rate of the U.S. dollar is a little / a bit higher than yesterday's.

S + V + such + (a/an) + adj. + N + that ...

用來表示「如此……以至於……」。  
例句：The accident taught him such a great lesson that he learned to cherish life.

## Talk About It

When were you heartbroken?

- I was heartbroken ...

What act of kindness could you do with $20?

- With $20 I could ...
