# JungKook, The Golden boy of BTS
Learn more about one of the most talented artists of this generation

Meet Jungkook, the youngest start of BTS, whose golden voice, smooth dance moves and bright smile have made him an international sensation.

Jeon Jungkook was born in Busan, Korea, in September 1997. In spite of being terribly shy, he decided early on that he wanted to become a professional singer. With that goal in mind, Jungkook took a bold step in 2011 and tried out for the TV talent show Superstar K. Though he didn't make it to the finals, several people in the entertainment industry spotted his talent and saw great promise for his future. At the end of the day, he received offers from seven different entertainment companies. He chose to go with Big Hit Music and, at the age of 13 singed on as a trainee. Trainees go through extensive coaching in vocal performance, dance, foreign languages, fashion and more. Jungkook even flew to Los Angeles, California, for a month in the summer of 2012 to perfect his dance moves at a popular L.A. dance studio. As soon as his time as a trainee ended, Jungkook was finally ready to make his official debut with BTS at the age of 15.

Jungkook's fan base grew quickly, but it wasn't just teenage girls who noticed the young singer's talent. Artists like the legendary Diana Ross, popular singer Charlie Puth and others began parising Jungkook's enormous musical abilities. By the time 2023 rolled around, Rolling Stone magazine had named him "one fo the greatest singers of all time." Meanwhile, Jungkook continued to receive numerous awards and honors while breaking chart and streaming records.

Today, Jungkook is considered by many to be the main singer and lead dancer of BTS.

### Note
Jungkook is called the "golden makenae"
In K-pop, maknae refers to the youngest member of a group. Jungkook's fans call him the "golden maknae" because of his enormous talent.

Perfect pitch
Jungkook has perfect pitch, which is the ability to identify or sing a muscical note correctly without the help of an instrument. Some other artists credited with this ability include Mozart, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and Charlie Puth.

## Word Bank

sensation
entertainment

icon
Serena Williams is one of America's best-loved tennis icons.
The Eiffel Tower is a cultural icon of Paris.

iconic
The Mona Lisa is one of the most iconic paintings in the world.

iconically
The brand's logo is iconically simple yet instantly recognizable.

### Word Bank Review
extensive
despite

### More Information
superstar
trainee
martial arts

### Focus on Phrases
early on
try out
at the end of the day
roll around
heart of gold



### Deep Dive

more than just the usual


## Usage Tip

### ut1

### ut2 On all fours



## Talk About It


What are some reasons why the band BTS is so popular?
What characteristic of Jungkook do you like most? Why?