# One Peice Sets Sail Again in 2026
Meet the pirate with a straw hat and a big dream

Get ready for an adventure on the high seas as the live-action series One Piece returns. The story, created by Japanese artist Eiichiro Oda, was released in 1997. Since then, Oda has written new chapters, and today there are over 1,000 in circulation. In addition to Japanese comics, or manga, the story has been told through animated shows and films called anime, and a live-action show.

One Piece tells the story of Monkey D. Luffy. His dream is to find the pirate treasure called "On Piece" and become the Pirate King. As a boy, Luffy ate magical fruit that gave him rubber-like stretching abilities. This ability takes on a special importance in the story.

As Luffy begins his adventure, he and his crew, the four original members, become known as the Straw Hat Pirates.

No matter which version people read or watch, each one invites fans into a world of imagination.

It's been nearly 30 years, and Luffy still hasn't found the treasure. But along the way, he's discovered something more significant -the value of friendship, freedom and the pursuit of one's dreams.
### Key Point
Japanese artist Eiichiro Oda created a world-famous story about a young boy who dreams of finding treasure and becoming the Pirate King.

One Peice has made history by breaking the record for most copies published under the same comic book title by a single author.
## Word Bank

straw
I bought a cute straw bag at the night market last week.

circulation
A Chinese version and an English version of the newspaper are now in circulation.

magical
The restaurant on the river, with its brightly-colored lights, has a magical appearance.

crew
The crew on my last flight was very helpful.

imagination
The children used their imagination to build a house out of boxes.

significant
The typhoon caused significant damage to the mountain villages.

### Word Bank Review
imaginary
My granddaughter talks to her imaginary friend.

imagine
These days, it's hard to imagine a world without cellphones.
### More Information
pirate

animated

anime

### Focus on Phrases
set sail
high seas
know (someone or something) as (something)
along the way

### Deep Dive



## Usage Tip

### In addition to + N/Ving
In addition to English, she also speak French and German fluently.

### Known as
He is known as a teacher.
He is known to everyone in town.



## Talk About It

Why do you think people around the world enjoy watching and/or reading One Piece?
- I think people around the world enjoy One Piece because ...
