# One Peice Sets Sail Again in 2026
Meet the pirate with a straw hat and a big dream

Get ready for an adventure on the high seas as the live-action series One Piece returns. The story, created by Japanese artist Eiichiro Oda, was released in 1997. Since then, Oda has written new chapters, and today there are over 1,000 in circulation. In addition to Japanese comics, or manga, the story has been told through animated shows and films called anime, and a live-action show.

One Piece tells the story of Monkey D. Luffy. His dream is to find the pirate treasure called "On Piece" and become the Pirate King. As a boy, Luffy ate magical fruit that gave him rubber-like stretching abilities. This ability takes on a special importance in the story.

As Luffy begins his adventure, he and his crew, the four original members, become known as the Straw Hat Pirates.

No matter which version people read or watch, each one invites fans into a world of imagination.

It's been nearly 30 years, and Luffy still hasn't found the treasure. But along the way, he's discovered something more significant -the value of friendship, freedom and the pursuit of one's dreams.
### Key Point
Japanese artist Eiichiro Oda created a world-famous story about a young boy who dreams of finding treasure and becoming the Pirate King.

One Peice has made history by breaking the record for most copies published under the same comic book title by a single author.
## Word Bank

straw `/strɔ/` 稻草；麥稈；吸管
I bought a cute straw bag at the night market last week.

circulation `/ˌsɝkjəˋleʃən/` 流通；循環；發行量
A Chinese version and an English version of the newspaper are now in circulation.
Exercise helps improve blood circulation throughout the body.

circulate `/ˋsɝkjəˌlet/` 循環；流通；傳播
Cool air circulates through the vents to keep the building comfortable.

circulatory system `/ˋsɝkjələˌtorɪ ˋsɪstəm/` 循環系統
Doctors study the circulatory system to understand how oxygen moves through the body.

magical `/ˋmædʒɪkl/` 神奇的；魔法的
The restaurant on the river, with its brightly-colored lights, has a magical appearance.
The castle looked magical under the light of the full moon.

magically `/ˋmædʒɪklɪ/` 神奇地；像魔法般地
The room was magically transformed for the party, with colorful lights, shiny balloons and music filling the air.

magician `/məˋdʒɪʃən/` 魔術師
The magician pulled a rabbit out of his hat with a flourish, and the crowd cheered enthusiastically.

crew `/kru/` 全體工作人員；船員；劇組
The crew on my last flight was very helpful.

imagination `/ɪˌmædʒəˋneʃən/` 想像力；創造力
The children used their imagination to build a house out of boxes.
Science and imagination often work together to create new inventions.

imaginative `/ɪˋmædʒənətɪv/` 富有想像力的；創意的
The author's imaginative storytelling filled with talking animals and glowing forests brought the fantasy world to life.

imaginary `/ɪˋmædʒənˌɛrɪ/` 虛構的；想像中的
Her fear of failure was mostly imaginary, but it still held her back from achieving her goals.

significant `/sɪgˋnɪfɪkənt/` 重大的；顯著的；有意義的
The typhoon caused significant damage to the mountain villages.

### Word Bank Review
imaginary `/ɪˋmædʒənˌɛrɪ/` 虛構的；想像中的
My granddaughter talks to her imaginary friend.

imagine `/ɪˋmædʒɪn/` 想像；設想
These days, it's hard to imagine a world without cellphones.
### More Information
pirate `/ˋpaɪrət/` 海盜

animated `/ˋænəˌmetɪd/` 動畫的；生動活潑的

anime `/ˋænɪˌme/` 日本動畫

### Focus on Phrases
set sail 啟航；出發
high seas 公海；汪洋大海
know (someone or something) as (something) 稱⋯為⋯；將⋯視為⋯
along the way 在此過程中；一路上

### Deep Dive
high seas
Pirates once roamed the high seas.
The crew battled danger on the high seas.

all hands on deck
The deadline's tomorrow, it's all hands on deck!

batten down the hatches
Midterms are coming. Time to batten down the hatches.

like a fish out of water
Bob at a dance class?
Total fish out of water.
## Usage Tip

### In addition to + N/Ving
In addition to English, she also speak French and German fluently.

### Known as
He is known as a teacher.
He is known to everyone in town.



## Talk About It

Why do you think people around the world enjoy watching and/or reading One Piece?
- I think people around the world enjoy One Piece because ...
