# Geysers

The science behind this incredible phenomenon

Geysers from under very specific conditions, and their activity can be hard to predict. Further study may expand our knowledge of this phenomenon.

  

People sit waiting on a semi-circle of benches at a moderate distance from a small, steaming cone. The anticipation grows as the steam increases in intensity. Suddenly, a jet of hot water rockets into the sky, and a sea of cellphones records the event. Scenes like this play out daily in Yellowstone National Park at the world's most famous geyser, Old Faithful, which erupts like clockwork approximately every 90 minutes.

  

Under Earth's crust, a layer called the mantle, which is characterized by extremely high temperatures (900 degrees Celsius) and high pressure, melts rock into magma. In volcanic areas, magma lies close to Earth's surface and heats underground water. When this water flows out gradually, the result is a hot spring. But in special cases, the water becomes trapped in a deep underground chamber. As it continues to heat, the pressure builds because the water can't escape easily. Eventually, the water reaches its boiling point and turns into steam. The steam rapidly expands, pushing upward through cracks in the ground. This creates a powerful burst of water and steam called a geyser. After the eruption, the pressure drops and the water left behind cools. Then more water flows into the chamber until enough water accumulates and the process begins again.

  

There are only about a thousand known active geysers in the world, many of which are found in clusters called gyser fields. The world's largest geyser field is in Yellowstone National Park, which contains about half of the world's active geysers.

  

Some geysers erupt regularly, while others have unpredictable or varying gaps of time between eruptions, The frequency of eruptions can be modified by weather, earthquakes or the activity of other geysers in the same geyser field. And geyser activity patterns can change over time, becoming more or less frequent, stopping altogether and sometimes starting up again.

  

  

## Word Bank

anticipation

The children were jumping up and down with excited anticipation.

  

approximately

There are approximately 8.2 billion people in the world.

The fight takes approximately six hours from New Yourk to London.

  

approximate

The approximate cost of the repairs for his car was over $1,000.

  

approximation

We can use a rough approximation until we get the exact figures.

  

upward

To open the medicine bottle, push down on the cap, twist and then pull it upward.

  

accumulate

It's amazing how much dirt accumulates if you don't clean your house regularly.

Over time, dust can accumulate on surfaces that aren't regularly cleaned.

  

accumulation

The accumulation of snow on the old farmhouse's roof caused it to collapse.

  

cumulative

Her success was the result of cumulative effort over many years.

  

cluster

Some fruit, like grapes and bananas, grow in clusters.

  

modify

Our strategy isn't working, so we need to modify it.

He modified the spaghetti sauce receipe by adding extra garlic and chili.

  

modification

Taking into consideration her student's circumstances, the teacher approved the modification to the assignment deadline.

  

modifier

In grammar, and adjective is a common type of modifier.

  

expel

When you breathe out, your lungs expel air.

  

comprehend

This theory is so complicated that even some experts struggle to comprehend it.

### Word Bank Boost

erupt

The ancient city Pompeii was destroyed when a volcano erupted.

  

conduct

We need to conduct some tests to determine the cause of the pain.

### More Information

magma

The volcano erupted, releasing magma that flowed down its slopes in red-hot rivers.

  

lava

After the magma reached the surface, it cooled and hardened into lava.

  

igneous rock

Igneous rocks are formed through the cooling of magma or lava, creating interesting structures and shapes.

  

unpredictable

### Focus on Phrases

play out

like clockwork

flow out

boiling point

leave behind

start up

shed light on

  

### Deep Dive

build something up

Stress builds up before exams.

There was a lot of tension building up in the room.

Trash built up over the week.

  

A buildup of emotions

A buildup of dust

## Usage Tip

S + V, Ving/p.p..

We finished the meeting, feeling satisfied with the results.

  

Not until ... + be/aux. + S + V

I did not realized it was empty until I opened the box.  
Not until I opened the box did I realize it was empty.

  

## Talk About It

Why do you think so many people travel to see geysers?

  

How might people benefit if scientists discover more about geysers?