# Blue Zones

What is different about communities where people live especially long lives?

  

Blue zones, region with people who live longer than the average person, share a number of characteristics. These include elements of diet, activity level, shared purpose and community support.

  

===

Everyone wants to live a long, healthy life, and so it's no surprise that researchers are looking into ways to make that happen. One approach is to study areas where people have longer-than-average lifespans known as blue zones and see what these communities do to promote longevity.

  

Dan Buettner's book The Blue Zones introduced the concept of blue zones - five regions spread out across three continents where people live unusually long and healthy lives. In one early phase of their research, researchers identified these places and marked them on a map with blue circles, which inspired the term blue zones.

  

After identifying the blue zones, Buettner investigated their cultures, seeking insight into why their people are so healthy and long-lived. His team identified nine commonplace lifestyle practices known as the "Power 9," which create supportive environments that foster physical, mental and emotional health.

  

Although the details varied, a common feature in the diets of people in blue zones is they follow primarily or exclusively plant-based diets. Those who eat meat typically only do so four or five times a month. They also typically either fast regularly or limit the amount they eat. For example in Okinawa, one of the blue zones, people make a point of eating only until they feed 80 percent full. Additionally, they drink wine in moderation.

  

Exercise is necessary for good health, but people in blue zones generally do not designate time for deliberate exercise such as going to the gym. Instead, activity is built into daily life as they walk from place to place and do physical chores such as gardening and cleaning.

  

People in blue zones tend to have a strong sense of purpose and often a commitment to religious faith. This purpose motivates them to make healthy choices and can help their mental health.

  

Many families in blue zones live in homes where multiple generations reside together. This arrangement provides emotional and practical support for both the old and the young. And the communities tend to be tight-knit so that people have social support beyond their biological family.

  

People who do not live in blue zones can still benefit from the insights gained fro studying these cultures. Anyone can adjust their diet and some lifestyle factors, but changing community structure s a bit more difficult. There is now, however, a corporation called Blue Zones LLC that works with communities to make them more like blue zones. Their Blue Zones Project has seen success in several cities in the United States. As people adopt the customs of those in blue zones, they may end up living longer and healthier lives than ever.

  

## Word Bank

longevity /lɑnˋdʒɛvətɪ/ 長壽；壽命  
When she turned 100, a local newspaper reporter interviewed her about the secret to her longevity.  
Longevity runs in my family - all four of my grandparents lived until their late 90s.

for the long haul 長期而言；長久下去  
Building longevity in a career requires commitment for the long haul.

stand the test of time 經得起時間考驗  
Her designs have stood the test of time, admired across generations.

phase /fez/ 階段；時期  
Our plan has several phases and will take a few months to be completed.  
Phase 2 of the building development will begin in 2027.

go through a phase 經歷一個階段  
The mother picked up the screaming child sprawled on the store floor and told nearby customers, "She's just going through a phase."

phase out /fez aʊt/ 逐步淘汰  
The company plans on phasing out its older models to focus on offering newer ones to customers.

insight /ˋɪn͵saɪt/ 洞察力；見解  
The book offers many helpful insights into human behavior.  
Her cultural insight was shaped by her childhood travels abroad with her family.

insightful /ˋɪn͵saɪtfəl/ 有洞察力的；有見地的  
The players benefited from their coach's insightful feedback on their strengths and weaknesses.

insightfulness /ˋɪn͵saɪtfəlnɪs/ 洞察力；深刻理解  
The author's insightfulness offered a fresh perspective on the subject which helped spark a cultural shift.

commonplace /ˋkɑmən͵ples/ 常見的；司空見慣的  
This website discusses various uses for commonplace household items.

exclusively /ɪkˋsklusɪvlɪ/ 專門地；僅僅  
Some of the articles he writes are free, while others are exclusively for people who pay.  
Our organization's outreach efforts are funded exclusively by private donations from our loyal supporters.

exclusive /ɪkˋsklusɪv/ 獨家的；排他的；專屬的  
Though she knew it would open doors for her future, she hated attending the exclusive school where she couldn't relate to her wealthy classmates.  
His exclusive on corruption in city government was published by the Chicago City Wire.

chore /tʃɔr/ 雜務；家事  
Once the children complete their chores, they can watch TV.  
Knowing she couldn't leave until her chores were done, she finished in time to attend her friend's party.

chore chart /tʃɔr tʃɑrt/ 家事分配表  
The teacher used a chore chart to remind students of their daily cleaning tasks in their classroom.

errands /ˋɛrəndz/ 雜事；差事  
I was exhausted after spending a full day running errands all over town.

commitment /kəˋmɪtmənt/ 承諾；投入  
I really admire his commitment to helping others.  
They made a commitment to always be there for each other no matter what.

commit /kəˋmɪt/ 送交（機構）；犯（罪）  
He was committed to a mental health facility once his disturbing hallucinations began to put him and others in danger.

commit (something) to memory 把（某事）記住；牢記  
I've had this number for over a year, but I'm embarrassed to admit that I have yet to commit it to memory!

reside /rɪˋzaɪd/ 居住  
About 300 people reside in that apartment building.

custom /ˋkʌstəm/ 風俗；習俗  
When you live in a foreign country, it can be difficult to get used to their customs.

### Word Bank Boost

foster /ˋfɑstɚ/ 培養；促進  
designate /ˋdɛzɪg͵net/ 指定；指派

### More Information

lifespan /ˋlaɪf͵spæn/ 壽命；生命週期  
fast /fæst/ 快速的；禁食  
tight-knit /ˋtaɪt͵nɪt/ 關係緊密的

### Focus on Phrases

spread out 👉 分散；攤開；拉開距離

in moderation 👉 適度地

build into (something) 👉 把……納入；融入（某事）

  

### Deep Dive

make a point of doing something

She make a point of exercising every day.

He made a point of thanking everyone who helped him.

During the meeting, she made a point about starting earlier.

  

  

adopt something

The school adopted a new policy on cell phones.

She adopted a tradition from her husband's culture.

He adopted a new way of thinking after the trip.

## Usage Tip

Make a point of + V-ing 特意

You make a good point about the need for more training.

  

Adj-er + than ever

She is more confident than ever after winning the competition.

  

## Talk About It

How can individuals, governments and organization make your community more like a blue zone?

  

Which of the practices of people in blue zones are you doing? Would you be interested in practicing more of them?