# Jane Austen

This beloved author still speaks to readers today

Portrait of Jane Austen in watercoler and pencil

Austen's work has been adapted into numberous film productions including:

Sense and Sensibility in 1995 by Ang Lee

Clueless in 1995, a morden version of Emma Emma in 1996

Mansfield Park in 1999

Pride and Prejudice in 1940 and 2005

For more than two centuries, readers have been cheering for Elizabeth Bennet and rolling their eyes at Emma Woodhouse's match making schemes. These characters and others flowed from the pen of Jane Austen and continue to be as engaging today as they were when they were created.

Born on December 16, 1775, in Steventon, Hampshire, England, Austen was the seventh of eight children. Her father, Reverend George Austen, was a vicar in a 12th century church, and her mother was a member of the aristocracy. Austen's parents valued education,m and although not compulsory for then to attend school, both Jane and her sister attended a girls' boarding school. When Jane finished her formal schooling at age 12, she continued reading by herself in her family's library. From a young age, Jane showed a log for storytelling and write short plays and satirical pieces for her family.

In 1802, Austen is thought to have accepted a proposal from Harris Bigg-Wither, the brother of two close friends. However, she **reversed** her decision the following morning. Although Austen never married, her experiences with love and society influenced her novels. **Observing** the lives and struggles of woman, she focused on topics such as marriage, class and social expectations.

During her lifetime, Austen remained anonymous as the author even after her major works, including Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Emma and Mansfield Park, were published.

She continued writing until her declining health made it no longer possible. Austen passed away on July 18, 1817, ate the age of 41, possibly from Addison's disease. Six days later she was buried at Winchester Cathedral.

As 2025 marks the 250th anniversary of Austen's birth, England has been celebrating this distinguished author since January with special events. Almost every book she wrote has been celebrated by a festival that has featured tours with a theme, performances, workshops, talks and podcasts about her life. In the house in Chawton, where she wrote six of her novels, a permanent exhibition showcases objects that inspired Austen. Additionally, It houses the first editions of her novels, now available for public viewing.

December 13 to 21 will see the house adorned with decorations of the time, which visitors can explore by candlelight while enjoying musical performances and readings.

Even though Austen's life was short, her literary legacy still inspire readers and writers with wit, warmth and wisdom that never goes out the style.

## Work Bank

beloved
Their beloved cousin had to return home after visiting them for three months.

scheme
Harry's schemes to make money never seem to work.

compulsory
It is compulsory for all students to attend the physical education class.

reverse
Bill and Bob's mother reversed her decision about letting them go to the movies when they started fighting.

anonymous
The person who paid for Jane's education asked to remain anonymous.

The police received an anonymous tip, enabling them to capture the escaped convict.

anonymously
While some people do good for the recognition and praise, helping others anonymously is a greater and more selfless act.

anonymity
The avoid the paparazzi, the start dined at the new restaurant in anonymity, asking to be seated in a quiet corner and keeping his hat and glasses on throughout the meal.

theme
What is the theme of the party?

Struggling to come up with a theme for this year's carnival, the student council encouraged students to submit suggestions.

theme park
Disneyland is the most famous theme park in the world.

thematically
The poems were organized thematically instead of chronologically.

adorn
She adorned the outside of the house with hundreds of little lights
literary
He received a literary prize for his last novel.

### Word Bank Boost

observe
Mr. Bennet liked to sit in the park and observe people.

decline
Her health began to decline when she was very young.

### More Information

vicar
aristocracy
satirical
Addison's disease
Winchester Cathedral
wit
warmth
wisdom

### Focus on Phrases

cheer for
roll (one's) eyes
go out of style

### Info Cloud

keep up appearances

They were having financial problems but still kept up appearances by driving a fancy car.

### Fun Fact

There are words that describe the process of getting married. Proposal, finacee, engaged. Usually, the man proposed to the woman, and they become engaged. If you are engaged, you have a fiancee (And you are also a fiancee).

Many movie adaptation have been made of Jane Austen's work. An adaptation is when a previous work (especially a book) is turned into a "slightly different" (often a play or a movie).

## Usage Tip

For + (a period of times), S + have/has been + V-ing

The organization has been advocating for animal welfare for a decade/since 2015.

will see 某時間或地點 + will see 某件事, 擬人化活了起來  
Athens saw the birth of democracy in the 5th century BC.

## Talk About It

Do you value education? Why or why not?

Have you read anything by Jane Austen? If yes, what? If not, do you think your'd like to?