# Chloe Kim - The Queen of Snowboarding

One of the most competitive female snowboarders of all time

The training paid off! Chloe won a gold medal at the 2015 X Games, making her the youngest to ever achieve that status. That led to another triumph and another gold at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeong Chang, South Korea. There, she made a name for herself on the halfpipe, achieving a nearly perfect score of 100. This win was especially meaningful for the young athlete because her extended South Korean family was there to support her as she competed.

As everyone had expected, the talented competitor brought home the gold medal from the 2018 Olympic Games. But those demanding expectations, along with the anxiety of competition, were beginning to take their roll, and Chloe considered leaving competition behind. She began working with a therapist, who helped her discover her value as a person and not just as an athlete.

After that, she switched up her training routine, practicing some old moves and opting only for those that were exciting and challenging. Chloe felt it was essential that she be inspired once again and remember why she had "wanted to do this sport in the beginning."

As she prepared for the Milano Cortina 2026 Winter Olympics, she acknowledged that she stood to break a record in the halfpipe. But win or lose, Chloe decided ahead of time that she was determined not to let the stress dominate her or a loss define her.

"I think true success is being content with where you are and who you are. If you're mentally, physically and spiritually in a great place, you can achieve anything you want. That't where I'm at, and that's why I think I'm pretty successful right now."

### Did you know?
Chloe Kim surprised audiences with her hidden singing talents on the 4th season of "The Masked Singer" dressed as a jellyfish. She impressed the judges and made it to the semi-finals.

Chloe Kim competes in the women's snowboard halfpipe at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Phoenix Snow Park.

## Word Bank

snowboarder
The fearless snowboarder launched off the cliff, spinning through the icy mountain air.

snowboard
We plan to snowboard down the remote trails after tomorrow's fresh snow.

snowboarding
Snowboarding requires balance, courage, and a love for the thrill of winter speed.

competitive
Kayleigh is competitive in sports, while her sister is competitive in speech contests.

athletic
From an early age, Brad displayed strong athletic abilities.

resort
They stayed at a beach resort with pools, restaurants and fun activities.
When negotiations failed, they had to resort to legal action.

last resort
As a last resort, they camped in the car when no hotels had vacancies.

triumph
The basketball team celebrated its triumph with a team party.

inspire
The piano concert that Allie attended inspired her to increase her daily piano practice.

acknowledge
Lyle acknowledged that he didn't know enough about the project to head the team.

dominate
It's not easy to talk with Evan because he dominates every conversation.

mentally
After a week of studying and a good night's sleep, I feel mentally prepared for today's exams.

### Word Bank Review
status
After her song hit number one on the music charts, the singer achieved celebrity status.

physically
This job requires someone who is physically able to lift heavy boxes.

### More Information
snowboarder
halfpipe
spiritually

### Focus on Phrases
of all time
make a name for (oneself)
opt for 
win or lose
ahead of time
### Deep Dive
talent

natural talent or raw talent
She has raw talent on the piano.

multi-talented
He's a multi-talented performer. He sings, dances, and acts.

hidden talent
Turns out, she has a hidden talent for beatboxing.

emerging talent
The festival showcases emerging talent in film and music.

talent show
## Usage Tip

### Be born in + place + year + to (parents)
He was born in London in 1999 to a British father and a Japanese mother.

### It is + essential/important/necessary/etc. + that + S + (should) + VR
It is essential that the community reduce waste to protect the environment more effectively.


## Talk About It

Do you prefer the Winter Olympics of Summer Olympics? Why?

What do you do to reduce the effects of stress in your life?